Add note about no latest tag being available on GHCR (#4798)
Particular/ServiceControl: README.md

All containers are [created on each build and pushed](.github/workflows/push-container-images.yml) to the [GitHub container registry](https://docs.github.com/en/packages/working-with-a-github-packages-registry/working-with-the-container-registry) where the various instance type can be [accessed by their names](/.github/workflows/push-container-images.yml#L33) and run locally.

> [!NOTE]

> > `latest` is not tagged for the ghcr images so exact versions must always be used, eg: `docker pull ghcr.io/particular/servicecontrol:6.3.1`
> 
> Use https://github.com/Particular/ServiceControl/pkgs/container/{name} eg https://github.com/Particular/ServiceControl/pkgs/container/servicecontrol to view available tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ghcr images are only tagged with the exact version, e.g. `docker pull ghcr.io/particular/servicecontrol:6.3.1`.
> If you are unsure what tags are available in ghcr, go to https://github.com/Particular/ServiceControl/pkgs/container/{name}, e.g. https://github.com/Particular/ServiceControl/pkgs/container/servicecontrol to view available tags.
```
```

> Use https://github.com/Particular/ServiceControl/pkgs/container/{name} eg https://github.com/Particular/ServiceControl/pkgs/container/servicecontrol to view available versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use https://github.com/Particular/ServiceControl/pkgs/container/{name} eg https://github.com/Particular/ServiceControl/pkgs/container/servicecontrol to view available tags.
```
